
## Starting Questions:

### Erastus, how do the eladrin in your homeland see those who've left?

They're very few in numberes, there's a large diaspora of those that
left and wander around. They people who stayed are puritan, conservative,
maybe a little bit racist (probably). They would welcome them back if
they were like "fuck yeah I'm glad to be home" and didn't want to change
anything there.


### Knxthrp, how does your kind feel about dragons?

Awesome. In the historical sense of the word "Awesome". 

Fear + Reverance, and a bit of kinship

DragonBorn mate with other DragonBorn. 

> Are dragons mythical?

Yes. Knxthrp, has never seen one.


### Badger, how closely bound are the Gnomes of the world?

Mostly all get along, especially Forestry Gnomes.
They are usually very friendly with each other.

> Are there more militant groups of gnomes?

A militant group of gnomes lives on a mountain (Rock Gnomes)

Deep Gnomes are less common, but the Forest Gnomes don't think
they're as weird as Rock Gnomes.


### Yabba, tell us a bit of the history of the Caravan of Nomadic Monks.


A group of mostly Tabaxi. It is kind of a young tribe, but
they were not directly related by blood.


## Badger's Dream (Grim Protent)

* His fairy wakes him up in the night.
* Walks into the streets of Home and over to the river.
* The Arche Faye is standing on the other side of the
  river
    * What does she look like?
      An elf with bark like skin and antlers
* His eyes are drawn down. The river is black and rushing.
* He looks to the North, a torrent of black ice and water
  is moving towards him.
* The water is rising quickly, now above his knees.
* An eruption of ice and black far off in the distance
* He wakes



## The Source

Move: vomit forth lesser monster

The gardener will ask the players to explore the river's source.

* A dead Frost Giant.


 
## The Revenant

Half-Orc was burried.


They destroyed the revenants Half-Orc body. But revenants 
do not stay dead. 

The Revenant will take another body the body of Raume's wife's lover.

Introduce an arcane person to figure out what kind of undead it is.

## 
