
* Demon bodies dissapate
  * Demons can only die if they're not in their
    own plane of existence.


# Cave

* Waterfall
* Dead Frost Giant in the cave
* Cold as shit (-15cish)


## Dead Frost Giant


The demon got out because the Frost Giant dieed.
The Frost Giant would usually just kill anything
that came up from the waterfall.

### The Greataxe

Requires attunement.

An enormous greataxe lies on the ground. 
Light glistens in the exposed steal, 
illuminating the gave as would a torch.


> +1 Attack Bonus
> 325 pounds, sized for a giant
> dmg 3d12 slashing + 2d12 to humans
> Glows at -10c
> Heat Metal (DC 13) – Replenish at dawn

## Waterfall

Water flows up like a geizer sort of.

It looks like it's hundreds of feet deep.

### Throw Ice
A huge chunk of ice flies up from the depths and smahes into the ceiling.

* Roll + Dex 
  * < 10: 1d6 dmg + trapped under 500lbs of ice
  * 10-15: 1d6 dmg
  * 15+ Choose either (1) evade or (2) 1d6 dmg
    but push someone out of the way (+5 to their roll)

Erastus 18
Yabba 18
Badger 10
Knxthrp 9

## The Giant's Ladder

The cliff beside the waterfall is carved in to be
shaped somewhat like a ladder. 

* The ladder is sized appropriately for a giant.

## The 


# Questions

Ideally these would be asked by an NPC

## knxthrp

> At what stage in life were you in when you 
> made pact with the demon?

> How did you come in contact with this demon?

> How did your peers react when they found out?

## badger

> You have a small weightless stone block.
> What does it look like?

> How do you carry it around?

> How did you come across this item?


## yabba

> What animals are common sources of yarn?

> What is the best?

> What is the most valuable?

## erastus

> How did your early life in Tir Marin prepare 
> you for the job of detective in Dunsgatha?

> In what ways was your background a disadvantage?


