# The Waterfall

Everything is relative.

The ladder eventually ends, and then there's a hundred foot drop.

But the watefall curves under the side of the cliff face.

From the last ladder it is possible to reach under and touch the 
"bottom" of the stone. Doing so immediately switches gravity
for that player. 

If they are unaware of this fact, they must make a Dex/Reflex Save

* 12+  - They grab onto the ledge and are okay.
* 8-12 - They can fall to the next step and take 1d6 dmg
* <8   - They 


# Grutahl - Dark Giants

The Grutahl are a race of giants that lives beneath the earth. 

* They do not speak common.
* They have true dark vision. For them light is the absence of darkness.
* Their skin is usually extremely dark and it it lightens to a cool blue 
  with exposure to sun.


## Characters

### Gu'l

A child Dark Giant near the waterfall. He is in a similar development
stage as a 5 year old, but is about 7' tall and 200 years old. 

Despite this, children are able to roam freely as there is very few 
real dangers to them. 

### Ta'r

At almost 3000 years old, Ta'r is an old Grutahl.
The, formerly an adventurer. He speaks common, and 
knows. 


# Questions

Ideally these would be asked by an NPC

## knxthrp

> At what stage in life were you in when you 
> made pact with the demon?

> How did you come in contact with this demon?

> How did your peers react when they found out?

## badger

> You have a small weightless stone block.
> What does it look like?

> How do you carry it around?

> How did you come across this item?


## yabba

> What animals are common sources of yarn?

> What is the best?

> What is the most valuable?

## erastus

> How did your early life in Tir Marin prepare 
> you for the job of detective in Dunsgatha?

> In what ways was your background a disadvantage?



